[Applause]
[Music]
the episode starts off by showing a
family passing through the town of
gaitersburg
they stopped to fill up the tank
the whole place seemed to be a ghost
town hello
they stumble across a gatorment a
creature that is half gator and the rest
human they flee before anything happens
meanwhile fred receives a package from
mystery
mr e gives me the creeps it was a purse
inside the package a tip from him to
look into gaitersburg but that's
impossible the gang went to gaitersburg
to see if there's anything worth looking
into
this is what happens when a civilization
is founded on an entirely gator-based
economy after looking around for a while
fred thought that there's nothing there
more like a wild gator chase
they were about to leave but someone has
stolen the engine of the mystery machine
a man approaches and he shows them a
hotel to stay in for the night and
advises them not to leave their rooms
new one from crystal cove they checked
in the hotel but greta gator had some
hotel rules
your last names are gator and you live
in gatorsburg scooby-doo had no choice
but to sleep in the mystery machine i'll
see you in the morning buddy i hope so
later shaggy is worried about scooby so
he decided to check on him i got really
worried about scoob scooby was being
pursued by the gator people
[Applause]
fred daphne and scooby managed to escape
from the gator people
the group gets out of the hotel
they understand that the gator people
were trying to chase them out of the
town for some reason they're stopping
[Music]
they found a crate full of gator
products
daphne deduced of the products are fake
what happened i'm allergic to imitation
animal skin they trapped the gator
people using one of fred's traps
it turns out they were making imitation
gator products selling them and
protecting their business by scaring
away anyone snooping around the town
like there's no engine in the mystery
machine it's haunted mystery fixed a
mystery machine and has left them a note
hope you had a good time in gaitersburg
[Music]